Tools reference edit (#538)
Unity-Technologies/com.unity.probuilder: Documentation~/ref_tools.md

# Tools reference

Use the ProBuilder tools to create and edit meshes in the Scene view. 

## Tools

This table lists all the tools available in ProBuilder:

| **Tool** | **Description** |
| --- | --- |
| [New Shape and Edit Shape](shape-tool.md) | Creates a new mesh with the Shape component, which defines the mesh's shape primitive. |
| [New PolyShape and Edit PolyShape](polyshape.md) | Creates a new mesh with the PolyShape component. You then draw a 2D shape, and extrude it to a 3D shape. |
| [Cut](cut-tool.md) | Creates a subface in an existing mesh face. You design the shape of the new face by defining points on the mesh, then move the face as you do any other face. <br /><br />You can use this tool on any face, regardless of whether you created the mesh with the [New Shape](shape-tool.md) tool, the [New PolyShape](polyshape.md) tool, or by [probuilderizing](Object_ProBuilderize.md) a standard Unity mesh. |

> **Note:** For documentation on the [Bezier Shape](bezier.md) tool, refer to [Experimental features](experimental.md).

## Active context in the Tools overlay

> The ProBuilder tools are available in the **Tools** overlay in the **Scene** view. The tools available depend on the active context: [[link to context]]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ProBuilder tools are available in the **Tools** overlay in the Scene view. The tools available depend on the active context: [[link to context]]
```

Author: Actually hang on. 
Write "Scene" in bold with a capital S, followed by "view" in lowercase.
That's from the style guide.

Author: ```suggestion
The ProBuilder tools are available in the **Tools** overlay in the **Scene** view. The tools available depend on the active context: GameObject or ProBuilder.
```

Author: Can't link to it - it hasn't been published yet.

Reviewer: > Actually hang on.
Write "Scene" in bold with a capital S, followed by "view" in lowercase.
That's from the style guide.

When did we change this?!

Reviewer: Please disregard my suggestions for that then.

* You can create and edit shapes and PolyShapes from both the ProBuilder and GameObject contexts.
* The Cut tool is available only when the context is ProBuilder.

> **Tip:** While a tool is active, performing any other task - a task that doesn't use the tool - deactivates the tool. For example, if while using the [Cut](cut-tool.md) tool on an object you click on a different object, the tool exits without performing the cut on the original object. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Tip:** While a tool is active, performing any other task that doesn't use the tool deactivates the tool. For example, if while using the [Cut](cut-tool.md) tool on an object, you click on a different object, the tool exits without performing the cut on the original object. 
```
